[Music]
up
foreign
[Music]
what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another
dose first day back in greece probably
at the very top of my to-do list is to
finally
finally get a haircut obviously my hair
has gone in really really long and i
know that you guys have seen that in the
vlogs over the last couple of weeks and
probably two months it'll be really nice
to have it back to normal
[Music]
finally got my hair cut i'm genuinely
feeling like a new human i feel like a
new man
alexia's about to come pick me up and
then we're gonna grab some coffee
hey i know
babe say hi to the vlog hi alexia and i
have come to a nearby park
it's called sigru this massive massive
bug landed on my
coffee cup scared the out of me
[Music]
i honestly feel like i'm dreaming here
in greece if i haven't mentioned it
in the vlog already i came to greece
because i just really needed a break
from the studying that i was doing for
my usm of the exam i've been studying
between eight to ten hours a day
for about four months now i wake up
without an alarm i don't have to
start studying at like 9am on the dot i
can take my time eating lunch
it's just been a much much needed change
all right so alexi and i finished our
walk in the park we came home had lunch
with the family
and now i'm actually going to sit down
and study for a couple of hours i have
some work to do for my research project
if you've been following the channel for
a while you'll know that i'm trying to
get a paper published
my partner and i have been doing
scientific research over the last couple
of months
and sort of now we're finishing up
writing that paper and we're working
towards finally getting it all finished
and published
and out there for the world to see so
i'm going to sit down my coffee
and my laptop
[Music]
we've sat down for brunch and you get
the menu by scanning a qr code so if you
guys want to know what you could have
eaten if you're at this restaurant with
me
scan the qr code on screen right now
delay b
guys i've got a mixture of good news and
bad news good news
drinks look absolutely incredible bad
news is
paper straws if you know me you know i
do not like paper straws i've got a
metal
straw today metals no plastic all right
i'm trying to save the environment don't
leave me any comments about the plastic
all right
[Music]
pancakes with the berries maple syrup
and clotted cream
cheeky little coffee looks so good
[Music]
all right so just finished brunch that
place is excellent you guys should
definitely check it out if you're in
downtown athens now that we're done with
food we're heading to the beach
again this is the third beach day we've
had since i came here but
honestly it's like probably the one
thing that we just can't do at all when
we're in london and of course i've got
my coffee with me
i'm having a cold brew today just for a
change i've had quite a few fredo
cappuccinos while i'm here
so that's what i'm having
[Music]
i think down there behind me it's
actually a nudist beach
so i don't think we'll be going there
[Music]
we made it to the beach finally only to
realize that our
license plate have been taken
seems that we parked somewhere downtown
that we shouldn't have
and we only realized when we wanted to
get the bags out of the boot
and look at that little squisher this is
the beach that we've come to
it's like a nice secluded cove that
doesn't have a lot of traffic on it
which is really really nice
[Music]
i think oh my gosh
as someone who stepped on like two or
three of these back in the day
i want nothing to do with them take it
back take it back
take it back careful beat you guys think
she'll take a tumble
[Music]
now we're gonna go straight home on the
highway hopefully not get pulled over
or anything like that and if i do i'll
be sure to turn on my camera
so see you at home hopefully check it
out guys
driving without plates makes me feel a
bit better i feel like we're really
playing with fire now
not the car in front of us but the one
in front of it is a police car
the same police car mind you that we
will add us on the highway
so i'm hoping he's just forgotten about
us and is letting us go all right green
light gotta go gotta go
maui we're back did you miss us
did you miss us master made it home no
plates on the car
but also nobody stopped us so step one
done
where the chair is to wear like the
opposite the chair opposite hurries
oh god i'm not sure when i last picked
up the camera i think
since then i've watched an episode and a
half of homeland i've taken a nap
and now i've gotten ready because we're
going out in a little bit to have dinner
with alexia
one of my favorite restaurants here in
greece and kificia which is called
salumayo
i know what i'm getting
[Music]
all right guys we've made it home gonna
pass out
and i'll see you tomorrow
[Music]
good morning guys today in the morning
i'm gonna do a little bit more studying
i just finished a 40 question practice
block or
practice session for the us end of the
exam so i'm going to go through that and
review it now
i've got this really nice setup over
here with my ipad and my laptop hooked
up to this monitor
and then my first aid book over here so
yeah just going to do a couple hours of
studying this morning
before moving on with the day i'm going
to do actual fun stuff
for the rest of the day so i'm going to
put you guys up over here
and you can watch me while i study
got a fresh batch of the good good
[Music]
now i rarely take breaks during my four
hour study sessions
but maui is about to have a shower i
have been waiting to witness this
in person for way too long maui is it
shower time
[Music]
all right guys i am going to head to my
old house here in greece
if you don't know i used to live in
greece for 18 years of my life
from the age of like four months old
until i left from university
my parents decided to leave the country
and they went back to jordan
which is where my parents are originally
from and so that's where our sort of
permanent
family location is now so now that i'm
here for a little bit of holiday in
greece
i've decided that i want to visit my old
family home and i want to see
what it looks like it'll be a little bit
of a nostalgic trip gonna put the camera
down now so i can drive properly
and i'll talk to you in a bit
that's us right there karma
the door still unlocked
and our house is in shambles i don't
know what they've done to the garden
they've cut down every single tree we
had rose bushes here we had palm trees
there in the corner
we had all kinds of flowers over here so
this
is the house where i grew up for the
second half of my time here in greece so
i was here for about 10 years actually
but maybe we can see oh yeah you can see
inside anyways
so that's been a nice trip down memory
lane look she wants to go inside
sony we can't we don't live here anymore
bud
all right so now that i've broken into
my old house i think it's probably time
for me to leave
all right hello hopefully you can see me
hopefully you can hear me and if i don't
take any fast turns
i don't think you'll fall anywhere i'm
actually on my way to do something that
i have never done before
but i'm going to meet up with one of you
guys so one of you who watches my videos
reached out to me on instagram
and said that they live sort of in the
nearby area to where i'm staying here in
greece and that they would love to go
out for a coffee with me
so i said yeah i love meeting you guys i
love interacting with you and really
excited i can't wait to get to know you
a little bit more and just sort of
catch up with someone who watches my
videos and supports my videos it's going
to be really fun and i can't wait
[Music]
all right so just finished coffee with
katarina it was a pleasure meeting you
thank you for messaging me
and i hope to you again soon for a
slight change of scenery we're actually
heading to a hotel for two nights
downtown here in athens it's got a
beautiful rooftop pool with this view of
the acropolis that is amazing
so i'm really excited to go
[Music]
let me show you guys the sunset and view
real quick before it gets too
dark
[Music]
look at that the acropolis
right inside all right i think i'm gonna
put the camera down
unpack for a little bit and then alexia
and i will probably head to the roof and
order some food get some drinks and
enjoy the evening
[Music]
the view is actually insane check this
out
behind me up over there is the acropolis
and there is a pool down here
with a like infinity view this is the
tallest building
in the area downtown looks absolutely
incredible
can't wait to come swim here tomorrow
okay now seriously time to figure out
the food situation
i'm getting hungry at this point and
i'll update you as we go
all along guys good morning we've been
awake for a little while now we went
downstairs and had breakfast
and then we went and saw the fishes
fishes the fish
and the turtles i'm gonna sit down on
the balcony
and enjoy a nice morning coffee and some
fruit with this
incredible view of the acropolis
all right guys so the plan for today is
for alexia and i to go
exploring downtown here in athens first
place we're going to go to is the
monastery street market which is sort of
this collection of all kinds of small
shops selling a wide variety of
different things we're also going to
head to kolonaki which is like
a really big area but it also has a
famous tree called edmu which has all of
these big
shops it's kind of like is it
[Music]
all right so we've made it to ermu which
is like this really
long street shopping street or shopping
district as you can see behind me
all the way down there it's all full of
all kinds of different shops so alex
here has gone inside a couple of them to
have a browse
and i'm outside to enjoy the vibe taking
the scenery and soak up some in the sun
while i'm here and then after this
i think we're getting pretty hungry all
over again so i'm gonna need to find
some food somewhere
let me show you a little bit of the
surroundings
[Music]
such a cool vibe isn't it
all right we've made it to which is sort
of like
a more modern take on the traditional
greek
hero which means like the wrap it's
quickly become one of my favorites
finished food and i'm genuinely about to
explode
so we're gonna go walk it off and have a
tour of the monasteraki markets
anywhere else we want to go be no to the
ac
yeah it's very very hot it's 36 degrees
celsius so
we are quite literally melting out here
[Music]
so
we're gonna go home chill for a little
bit in the hotel room until the sun has
stopped
being at its strongest and then we'll go
to the rooftop pool
for a nice cheeky swim so i'll probably
catch up with you guys next over there
if you need a place to stay in athens
kokoma hotel is the place to be
it's a proper vibe up here sun is
shining water so blue
[Music]
i'm really happy that we came here in
the end it's been such a nice change
from living in the city obviously the
view is amazing
the pool and the sun is so nice to relax
in i'm trying to enjoy it as much as i
can before i have to go back to studying
for the usmle step one
honestly coming here and getting this
break has just been invaluable it's been
such a good
relaxing time and i'm sure now when i go
back i'll be
10 times as energized and able to sit
through really long study sessions
even if it means i'm gonna be really
tired and i'm gonna be really bored
because i've had my break now anyways
i'm gonna go swim a little bit more
and i'll catch up with you guys later
[Music]
[Applause]
alexia and i are all dressed and ready
to go out for the night
we're going to a beach bar club
tomorrow's actually my last day here in
greece
which i'm really sad about because it's
completely snuck up on me i feel like
i've just been having so much fun
and relaxing to my full potential that i
haven't even realized
the day's counting down so i think
that's it for today i'm gonna leave my
camera at home
and i will pick up with you guys again
tomorrow morning for my final day of
vacation
here in greece
so it's my last day in greece today i
haven't vlogged a lot because we've just
been running around doing all kinds of
different errands from the morning
if you haven't noticed already alexia
has been intertwined into this vlog in
between me vlogging alexia has started
her very own youtube channel
she's already uploaded a couple of
videos which i think are excellent
i think you'll really enjoy them so you
guys should go check it out i'll leave
links in the description down below and
on screen over here
like even from your channel i feel like
what i like is you getting to talk to
different people and that connect with
them yeah absolutely you know it's like
not really about the number of
subscribers it's just
about being able to share any tips you
have any knowledge
and just like have a conversation all
right i'm gonna go do everything else i
need to do before we go
out i have a super early flight tomorrow
to 7 a.m
so i need to be at the airport at about
five thanks bye
everybody bye
bye peace
you